[Azure AD] [ELM] created reprocess api (#13425)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageassignment-reprocess.md

---
title: "accessPackageAssignment: reprocess"
description: "Reprocess accesspackageassignment objects."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "markwahl-msft"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignment: reprocess

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer: maybe here we could link to the accessPackageAssignment resource type - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accesspackageassignment?view=graph-rest-beta @ajburnle

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer: 1. The status needs to be Failed or Partially Delivered.
2. The accessPackageAssignment is retried, so if the action returns a 202, it means the status will be changed to Delivered

@FaithOmbongi

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer 2: Thanks @sponnada . Added a few review comments to this effect @ajburnle

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer 2: @sponnada , could you confirm these statuses against the allowed values in accessPackageAssignmentRequest/requestState & in accessPackageAssignment/? properties? `PartiallyDelivered` is in accessPackageAssignmentRequest only.

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi to reprocess an accessPackageAssignment, it needs to be in the Delivered status. For accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects, they need to be in a Failed or Partially Delivered state.

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer 2: @sponnada [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest?view=graph-rest-beta) does not list `Failed` as a value of **requestState**...

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi just seeing this -- I'm not sure if that object needs to be updated because there is a Failed state displayed on the UI for assignment requests. 

![Screenshot 2021-08-02 142601](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9565544/127918726-ac00cfcd-73f4-446a-8d14-11fa74c34c65.png)

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Author: @FaithOmbongi Do you want this to say "Delivery failed" like the portal?

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer 2: @sponnada @ajburnle 

> Do you want this to say "Delivery failed" like the portal?

No. We must only declare values as they are returned by the API.
Sri, is it possible that `DeliveryFailed` (or something similar) is a possible value and should be listed in [the doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest?view=graph-rest-beta)? Gaps like these are common with String types that have allowed values. This info is not available in the CSDL. Could you confirm internally?

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer: @FaithOmbongi @ajburnle you’re right - there’s a gap here in the documentation. There is a “DeliveryFailed” status that is returned when the reprocess fails. We’ll need to use that value here and also update the properties table in the [accessPackageAssignmentRequest resource type page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest) to include that value for requestState

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

Reviewer 2: Awesome, thanks for confirming @sponnada .

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package. The status of the access package must be "Delivered" for the adminstrator to reprocess the user's assignment. Only admins with the Access Package Assignment Manager role, or higher, in Azure AD entitltement management can perform this action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce an [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object of a user’s assignments for a specific access package. The **assignmentState** of the access package must be `Delivered` for the administrator to reprocess the user's assignment. Only admins with the Access Package Assignment Manager role, or higher, in Azure AD entitlement management can perform this action.
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
  
## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
```http
POST /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/{id}/reprocess 
```

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code. If the assignment doesn't exist, that is, the **id** isn't valid, this method will return `400 Bad request` or a `400 Not found` response code.

Reviewer: link to the access package assignment resource type again - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/accesspackageassignment?view=graph-rest-beta

Author: I linked to the resource type at the top

> If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code. If the assignment doesn't exist, that is, the **id** isn't valid, this method will return `400 Bad request` or a `400 Not found` response code.

Reviewer: the method will return 404 Not Found if the assignment was not found and 400 Bad Request if the id isn't valid

> If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code and reevaluates and enforces the user's assignments of the [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object. If the assignment doesn't exist, this method will return `404 Not Found` or if the **id** isn't valid, this method returns a `400 Bad request` response code.

Reviewer: capitalize Request in Bad Request

> If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code and reevaluates and enforces the user's assignments of the [accessPackageAssignment](../resources/accesspackageassignment.md) object. If the assignment doesn't exist, this method will return `404 Not Found` or if the **id** isn't valid, this method returns a `400 Bad Request` response code.

Reviewer: Users can't perform this action. Only admins with Access package assignment manager role (or higher) in ELM can perform this action.

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
| Application | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.CurrentUser |
  
## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
```http
POST /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/{id}/reprocess 
```

## Function parameters

None

## Optional query parameters

None

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `202 Accepted` response code. If the assignment doesn't exist, this method will return `404` or `400` if the ID is not valid.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "reprocess_accesspackageassignments"
}-->
``` http

> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignments/d82eb508-acc4-43cc-bcf1-7c1c4a2c073b/reprocess

Author: error wants GET instead of POST

```

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
} -->

```http

> HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted 

Author: error is saying this format is wrong

---
title: "Reprocess on accessPackageAssignments"
description: "Reprocess accesspackageassignment objects."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "markwahl-msft"
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Reprocess on accessPackageAssignments

Namespace: microsoft.graph

In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), callers can automatically reevaluate and enforce a user’s assignments for a specific access package.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged) |
|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |
| Application | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All |

> | Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.CurrentUser |

Author: are both work or school account?

Reviewer 3: Should be just work account. Also we should not have the EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.CurrentUser permission in that list.

> | Delegated (work or school account) | EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.CurrentUser |

Reviewer 3: Remove this .CurrentUser permission, this string is not live yet (and changing as well)

Author: I'll have to ask, but I don't think we can publish without permissions

Author: @FaithOmbongi Can we publish these docs without the permissions section?
